Updated what's new (#3186)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/whats-new.md

:::

## Latest - September 1, 2023

### Cloud Cost Management

- Display refunds or discounts on the graph within perspectives. (CCM-13443)

>   Previously, our graph in perspectives didn't display refunds or discounts, resulting in empty spots when values were negative. This enhancement improves this by aggregating negative values into a red-colored bar chart. You can now toggle a button in **General Preferences** to view these previously hidden negative costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously, graphs in perspectives didn't display refunds or discounts, resulting in empty spots when values were negative. This enhancement improves this by aggregating negative values into a red-colored bar chart. You can now toggle a button in **General Preferences** to view these previously hidden negative costs.
```
